GraphQL: Add isEmailAvailable query (#4556)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/customer.md

To return or modify information about a customer, Magento recommends you use customer tokens in the header of your GraphQL calls. However, you also can use [session authentication]({{ page.baseurl }}/get-started/authentication/gs-authentication-session.html).

## Queries

The `customer` query returns information about the logged-in customer.

> The `isEmailAvailable` query checks whether the specified email has already been used to create a customer account. A value of `true` indicates the customer can use the email address to create an account.

Reviewer: Question: Does a value of true indicate that the email has NOT already been used and can therefore be used to create an account?

Author: Correct.

Reviewer: I know it's implied, but do you feel we should explicitly mention that the email has not already been used?

> The `isEmailAvailable` query checks whether the specified email has already been used to create a customer account. A value of `true` indicates the customer can use the email address to create an account.

Author: ```suggestion
The `isEmailAvailable` query checks whether the specified email has already been used to create a customer account. A value of `true` indicates the email address is available, and the customer can use the email address to create an account.
```

`region` | String | The state or province name
`region_id` | Int | Uniquely identifies the region

### isEmailAvailable query attribute

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`email` | String! | The email address to check

### IsEmailAvailableOutput attribute

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---

> `is_email_available` | Boolean | A value of `true` indicates the email address can be used to create an account

Reviewer: Depending on my above question, this might need some rewriting. A value of `true` indicates the email address is available to use to create an account....or something like that.

> `is_email_available` | Boolean | A value of `true` indicates the email address can be used to create an account

Author: ```suggestion
`is_email_available` | Boolean | A value of `true` indicates the email address is available, and the customer can use the email address to create an account
```
